If you feel blocked creating what you
want to create in life, this is going to
be a great video for you.
>> I'm an artist, quote unquote. I should
be creating because that's my purpose in
life and I feel like I'm missing it. I'm
afraid I'm going to miss it and I'm
going to die like, "Oh, you missed it."
>> In this live coaching session, we
explore a woman's creative block and how
to dissolve it completely. I guess the
biggest question I wrote down was I
my whole life I've been creating as an
artist, but I've never really done it
professionally on purpose. I'm I do it
because I love
>> You do it accidentally. I accidentally
It's all accident. I just things just
happen. Um I'm sitting in my studio
right now and I love it. It's my safe
space and my dream studio which I
generally now walk in and just wave at
the things that I've been wanting to do
and sit down and read a book or
>> and I' I've gleaned so much from all the
other people I've taken so many mo
notes. Um, one of the things that was
the first girl, Aayita,
>> wait, what's the question?
>> Is why don't I let myself enjoy
creating? It's
>> that's a great question.
>> It's why why I even have notes that say,
"Hey, come on up here and have some fun
or let's play." And I just don't there's
always something else.
>> So then what? So then what? Like then if
you're not enjoying it, what matters if
you do it?
I do enjoy it when I finally get into
it. It's like a form of almost I leave
my body. I'm meditating. It's
>> Oh, cool. What makes you not want to
leave your body?
>> I don't know. Other than
>> You had to guess. What makes it that you
don't want to go into flow space?
>> Part of it. years ago, I was an escape
from my reality
and I would get lost and I didn't want
to come back. And my reality is much
better now. I'm happy. Everything's
safe. Um,
and I love that reality. Um,
>> I'm really not sure.
>> I I've created
>> Yeah, I'm conf I'm very confused.
>> I I used to do art as a way to escape
reality.
Now my reality is good. So I don't
escape reality. I'm scared to escape
reality with art because I I don't want
to leave it.
>> Right.
>> What's What is the problem? It doesn't
sound like there's a problem right now.
Right now it sounds like I've got a
really good reality and and art used to
be an escape and now I don't need an
escape.
>> I do love to create and I love to make
things. Most all of my friends are
artists and um
I don't know. It's I really I feel like
okay, here it is.
>> Yeah,
>> I'm an artist, quote unquote. I should
be creating because that's my purpose in
life and I feel like I'm missing it. I'm
afraid I'm going to miss it and I'm
going to die like, "Oh, you missed it."
>> Great.
>> Should have done more.
>> Let's assume for a second that you never
create again for the rest of your life.
You never do another piece of art ever
again. Ever.
>> Ever.
Then what's your purpose?
Um, well, I actually woke up from a
dream the other night that said, "Your
purpose is to love and be loved." And
I'm like, "That's too easy.
That's there's not enough stress
involved in that." Um, and I know that's
hilarious, but my purpose is just to
experience life
and to be here and to love.
>> What's the difference? Yeah. Well, yeah.
What's the difference between
experiencing life and love and being
loved?
>> Well, I could experience in many
different ways. Um, my choices to
experience the beauty and the
>> You're in your head a lot for an artist.
>> I'm always in my head.
>> Yeah. How is that?
>> It's like a It's a circus up there.
>> Yeah. And but I'm assuming that when
you're in your art, you're not in your
head,
>> right?
>> Cool. Okay. So, how do you make this
moment art?
Nope. Not like that.
>> I'm feeling
>> not like that.
>> No.
>> How do I moment art?
>> All right. You're doing art right now.
You do you somehow think that there's a
difference between doing art and living.
>> I've separated the two. I get my studio
and make things.
>> Yeah. Like, let's let's uh let's let's
say that for a minute. Oh, I'd love
to see.
>> So, right now, this is art.
>> This is art creating life.
I guess it doesn't feel
important.
>> It isn't. That's the best thing about
art is it's not important.
>> It's true. One of my teachers said,
"Doesn't matter. It's just art." And it
just crushed me. It's like, "But it has
to matter. It's art." And
>> when did is that when you stopped
working on art?
>> No, I actually I worked for him for 15
years.
>> Yeah. So So right now this is art.
>> When you go home it's art. When you go
up to your thing and you say hi to all
your art pieces and you read a book,
it's art.
>> How is it not art?
How is anything that you've ever done in
your entire life not art?
It's
>> all about creating
>> in every moment.
>> Yeah.
>> It doesn't seem like it's enough.
>> It isn't.
It's not important and it's not enough.
Well, that sucks.
>> What makes that suck? That's freedom.
>> It is freedom. I don't know. I I guess
I'm trying to make it harder than it is.
>> Well, that's an interesting piece of art
you're making.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I got a lot of that around. I
could probably sell it.
>> It's hard. It I make things really hard.
>> Yeah. So, that's the art you want to
make?
>> No.
Oh, then what makes you make it?
Like right now you're doing it.
>> You're making a piece of art hard.
>> This is our art. We're having it. We're
doing this art piece together, you and
I. And you're making it hard.
>> Still making it hard.
>> Yeah. I don't want it to be hard. I want
it to be fun and happy and beautiful.
I I hear that you say it, but I don't
hear you actually wanting it because if
you wanted it, like it would be easy and
fun and beautiful right now, which it is
for me anyways. For you, it's hard.
>> I know why your tag is f you Joe.
>> Yes,
>> I got that the first video.
I cried for three days. Um,
>> so right now we're making art.
>> What's the art we want to make? What's
the art you want to make with me right
now? You want it to be hard?
>> No. Okay.
>> I want to have fun. I want to have a
good time. I want to play. I want to
play.
>> Great.
>> I want my life to be a playground.
It is sometimes.
I'm not sure what gets in there that
twists it and makes it hard. I'm not
really sure.
>> It's right now. We're just doing the art
right now. You don't do art in the like
if you were having these thoughts while
you were doing art. How would your art
come out?
>> It's why it's all sitting over there.
>> It's not getting done. That's right.
That's why it's all sitting over there
not getting done.
>> Yeah.
>> You don't have to get anywhere. It's not
important
and it's never going to be enough.
>> This right now, you're not going to get
anywhere. It's not important. This is
the art right now. It's not important.
You're not going to get anywhere. It's
never going to be enough.
You're still trying to get somewhere,
trying to figure it out.
A lot of wise.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, that's where you go when you do
art. I I just saw you do it. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
You You might get lost here. I I would
like that actually. It's time.
>> I I like to get lost actually.
>> Yeah,
>> I'm in there.
>> The elevator just keeps going to the
penthouse.
[Laughter]
Got to get rid of that button.
>> Yeah. So, let's do a a quick trick on
that. So, what's really sweet about you
is that you see that, but but let's get
let's bring the elevator all the way
down.
All the way down.
Nope. Pass there. All the way down.
Don't try to figure it out. Just feel.
All the way down.
Look at that. Immediately you went to
that place where you make art.
>> It's the source.
>> Yeah.
Your your movement is to try to get out
of here instead of to go there.
>> And there is always there. So you don't
even have to go. You just have to
recognize.
So let's do that again. Recognize there.
Don't think. Just
>> Yeah. Okay. Great. And then all the way
down.
>> How do you not create art from here?
Do me a favor. Turn from keeping that
consciousness. Turn to the piece of art,
wherever it is that like has been the
longest sitting there that you don't
haven't done, but you want to do, but
you haven't done it and you're telling
yourself to do.
>> It's right there.
>> No, look at it. Oh, you can see it.
>> Yeah, I can see it. I know it. It's in
here. It's been there for 15 years.
>> Okay, go all the way down.
>> No, look at it.
>> Oh,
>> look at it.
>> Can I do it on my screen?
>> Yeah. Uhuh. Look at it. Go all the way
down.
It's been talking to me.
>> Yeah.
And you don't have to do anything. You
don't have to be motivated. You don't
have to try to get anywhere. Just go all
the way down and and be with it.
Oh, I just saw it. I saw that little
creative spark.
>> Yeah.
She She will be done.
>> She's come back to life.
>> Yeah.
>> Um it's been there.
>> Yeah, of course.
>> I just stay up here. What is there a
trick to I mean,
>> how is that not a trick that you just
learned?
>> It is a trick. I just I need a trigger
to use electric shock or
>> No. Nope. You're just making it more
complicated than
>> I am. I do that.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. I remember source and I don't
matter. Nothing matters.
>> Don't try to hold on to this thing. Art
isn't something you can hold on to.
You're trying to hold on.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. There you go. There it is again.
Well, that was easy.
F you, Joe.
>> Thank you.
>> What a pleasure.
>> I love it. Thank you so much.
>> You're welcome.
>> If you found this coaching video helpful
and you want to experience it yourself
or participate in a live coaching event,
just go here or click the link below.
I'd love to see you there.